first element is Word	second element is Example sentence
indulging	we indulged in some hot fudge sundaes
ditch	And there was no drainage ditch on the side.
disobedience	
bedridden	She has pulmonary hypertension and when she is not bedridden, she has to carry an oxygen tank that allows her to breathe.
frail	Mariah is 20 but she is frail and permanently disabled.
Dubbed	the media dubbed anorexia the slimming disease.
bloated	Sit your bloated butt down
dispense	he dispensed a gentle pat on Claude's back
bagel	
dough	
pap smear	
smear	there was an oil smear on his jacket
pap	trying to eat a trayful of tasteless pap
pap	she can not go to the gym or anywhere without being papped
smear	the smears were stained for cryptosporidium
smear	his face was smeared with dirt
dogmatic	laws exempt dogmatic faith healers from prosecution
demeaning	During the hearing a rare show of bipartisan unity in Washington Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal said Trump's demeaning and dismissive comments about intelligence officers were unacceptable, and praised their service.
demeaning	During the hearing a rare show of bipartisan unity in Washington Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal said Trump's demeaning and dismissive comments about intelligence officers were unacceptable, and praised their service.
prolific	Trump has been prolific on Twitter in recent weeks, taking on those who have accused him of dismissing the findings of the nation's intelligence agencies.
prolific	Trump has been prolific on Twitter in recent weeks, taking on those who have accused him of dismissing the findings of the nation's intelligence agencies.
ditch	he was praised for ditching the coastal areas
ditch	it crossed her mind to ditch her shoes and run
precipitation	Acidic proteins are known to trigger carbonate precipitation via matrix mediated processes in microbialites.
precipitation	Acidic proteins are known to trigger carbonate precipitation via matrix mediated processes in microbialites.
single out	the president also accused the intelligence community of leaking information to publications such as The New York Times and The Washington Post, singling out the National Security Agency and the FBI.
hammock	carefully avoid the hammock
procession	50 pole dancers escort Taiwan politician's funeral procession
exorcism	In actual fact, I think it was more an attempt at personal exorcism .
fugitive	fugitives from justice
break a leg!	
enfranchisement	the World War hastened the enfranchisement of women
enfranchisement	the World War hastened the enfranchisement of women
ovulation	A man is normally attracted to a woman who can ovulate
thrashing around	To prevent drawning in water avoid thrashing around
inch(v)	
dry-heave	I puked and puked until I was dry-heaving"
monolith	we passed Stonehenge, the strange stone monoliths silhouetted against the horizon
xenophobia	If categorization and bias come so easily, are people doomed to xenophobia and racism?
spared	she asked if I could spare her a dollar or two
muzzle	‘She should have muzzled her dog,’ Mr Millard said.
summon	Mr Fillon said he would respect the summons and tell the judge the truth.
punctured	her nose piercing punctured her septum.
assertiveness	He has been very assertive and direct.
allegedly	The US intelligence chief has promised to explain why Russia allegedly meddled in the US presidential election.
tumultuous	tumultuous applause
hastened	he hastened to refute the assertion
throbbing	the war drums throbbed
bloated	Sit your bloated butt down
book	Had they been in neighboring Oregon, her parents could have been booked for medical neglect.
face-off	Donald Trump's face-off with spy chiefs on hacking comes to a head
precipitation	Acidic proteins are known to trigger carbonate precipitation via matrix mediated processes in microbialites.
lurk	a foul prejudice lurks behind any misgivings about islam's infallible message.
delectation	a box of chocolates for their delectation
fib	parents told little white fibs about out-of-wedlock births
cinnamon	
venture	a joint venture between Egyptian telecoms firm Orascom and the government.
ludicrous	it's ludicrous that I have been fined
dissect	
unduly	there is no need to be unduly alarmed
glitche	sudden glitche
glitche	the receiver glitches so muıch
convey	"I don't make those decisions," Long says. "I convey the information to the cockpit and the chief flight attendant, and they make the decision about whether or not we're going to land and get someone off the plane.
it strikes a chord	When we see images of little children burdened with the pain of this fucking awful disease, it strikes a chord.
Hypovolemic shock	
squalid	the squalid, overcrowded prison
cat call	In one instance her inadequate performance provoked catcalls and derision.
heckler	he was adept at dealing with hecklers
charm school	not all of the bar staff appear to have benefited from a stint at charm school
riff	a brilliant guitar riff
riff	the other horns would be riffing behind him
monolith	independent voices have been crowded out by the media monoliths
relevant	the candidate's experience is relevant to the job
vehemently	It vehemently denies any involvement in Kim's death.
vehemently opposed	
dashed	head dashed in
off the chain	
chores	Girls as young as four and five are expected to help with household chores and to care for their younger siblings.
tantrum	he has temper tantrums if he can't get his own way
spared	and another's lives were spared
muzzle	But it's not just me that is being assassinated, it's the presidential election. The voices of millions of votes have been muzzled
summon	the pope summoned Anselm to Rome
septum.	her nose piercing punctured her septum.
pitted	The meeting comes at the end of a week in which Trump's public skepticism over evidence Russia interfered in the US political process has pitted him against the country's top spy chiefs and high profile lawmakers in both parties.
thrilled	his kiss thrilled and excited her
thrilled	the shock of alarm thrilled through her
meddled	The US intelligence chief has promised to explain why Russia allegedly meddled in the US presidential election.
Disparagement	'Disparagement' of intel agents cause for worry
dismissive	During the hearing -- a rare show of bipartisan unity in Washington -- Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal said Trump's "demeaning and dismissive" comments about intelligence officers were unacceptable, and praised their service.
intercepted	Included in that new information were intercepted conversations of Russian officials expressing happiness at Trump's win.
mosachism	this idiotic mosachism has to be dropped.
feud	the feud between Donald Trump and the US intelligence community will play out behind closed doors Friday when the President-elect is given a briefing on allegations of election-related hacking by Russia.
allegations	the feud between Donald Trump and the US intelligence community will play out behind closed doors Friday when the President-elect is given a briefing on allegations of election-related hacking by Russia.
skepticism	The meeting comes at the end of a week in which Trump's public skepticism over evidence Russia interfered in the US political process has pitted him against the country's top spy chiefs and high profile lawmakers in both parties.
interfered	The meeting comes at the end of a week in which Trump's public skepticism over evidence Russia interfered in the US political process has pitted him against the country's top spy chiefs and high profile lawmakers in both parties.
ditch	a ditch of money
tampered	police regularly visit households to check whether the settings have been tampered with, according to Barbara Kemick, author of "Nothing to Envy", a series of interviews with defectors.
defectors	author of "Nothing to Envy", a series of interviews with defectors.
hiatus	there was a brief hiatus in the war with France
trait	he was a letter-of-the-law man, a common trait among coaches
culprit	The culprits behaved like seasoned thugs but claimed that they were guardians of law and order.
dispense	let's dispense with the formalities, shall we?
dough	lots of sough
pulmonary hypertension	
stringent	The most stringent application of this system will be precision approach, where the system guides the aircraft to within a few hundred feet of the ground.
sundaes	we indulged in some hot fudge sundaes
appropriations	through the appropriations process
subtly	his language expresses rich and subtle meanings
letter-of-the-law	Since it was thefirst time he'd broken the rules, the school decided to ignore the letter of the lawand just give him a warning.
comes to a head	Donald Trump's face-off with spy chiefs on hacking comes to a head
respiratory tract.	As powder is inhaled, it can sensitize an individual through the mucous membranes of the respiratory tract
abstinence	started drinking again after six years of abstinence
wind up	the windup of the convention
restrained	he had restrained manners
vengeance	So in the end it sort of has a happy ending, in that you get to see Grace exact vengeance .
agony	he crashed to the ground in agony
in a pull up	why would she post a picture of him in a pull up,the indecency',
in a pull up	why would she post a picture of him in a pull up,the indecency',
in a pull up	why would she post a picture of him in a pull up,the indecency',
in a pull up	why would she post a picture of him in a pull up,the indecency',
in a pull up	why would she post a picture of him in a pull up,the indecency',
in a pull up	why would she post a picture of him in a pull up,the indecency',
in a pull up	why would she post a picture of him in a pull up,the indecency',
putrid	They all in general had putrid gums, the spots and lassitude, with weakness of their knees.
cat call	they were fired for catcalling at women
riff-raff	I saw the sort of riff-raff that had been invited
wraith	In keeping with the Batman myth established in the 30's comics, Wayne Senior is killed in a random street robbery, surviving only as a moral wraith tormenting the conscience of his orphaned son.
complying	we are unable to comply with your request
potent	thrones were potent symbols of authority
potent	Potent is believed to have been originally derived from vair.
expedite	he promised to expedite economic reforms
WHİPPİNG OUT	I whipped out my new credit card to payfor dinner. We didn't know the police had warrants until they whipped them out.
WHİPPİNG OUT	I think I can whip one out for you very quickly. Thefactory whips out twenty of these every minute.
off the chain	
Mole	
set out	
succumbed	he has become the latest to succumb to the strain
rhetoric	Amid all the hate trump's rhetoric has spurred we need more heros like this man
spurred	Amid all the hate trump's rhetoric has spurred we need more heros like this man
dissonance	an unusual degree of dissonance for such choral styles
spurred	she spurred her horse toward the hedge
deprive	the city was deprived of its water supplies
entourage	an entourage of bodyguards
tout	President Trump Trump touts 'renewal of American spirit'
tout	This is the best term to use for touts - street hawkers who approach you at every tourist stop to ask you to buy things.
tout	le tout Washington adored him
brag	The basic game of three card brag was one of the games described by Hoyle, and therefore dates from the late eighteenth century or earlier.
brag	“I found them,” she bragged
brag	that was my brag heifer
deprecating	he sniffed in a deprecating way
boaster	
egotistical	he's selfish, egotistical, and arrogant
residing	people who work in the city actually reside in neighboring towns
perforation	the perforations allow water to enter the well
nubs the point	
despise	he despised himself for being selfish
imbeciles	Religion turns average people into imbeciles.
ferret	Fishers are among the least understood of the weasel family, or mustelids, which also includes martens, minks, ermines, ferrets , badgers, otters, and wolverines.
ferret	
ferret	
poodle	
repugnance	
aggregation	database aggregation
loathing	the thought filled him with loathing
loathing	
misogynist	
quite the contrary	
atrophied	
postpartum	
smack	"Got punched in the nose by some little smack head
lurcher	They had lurcher dogs with them and were trying to set them on it.
	I have a nose piercing and the punch meant that my piercing punctured my septum
searing	Luckily it's not broken but there was a lot of blood and it was like a searing hot pain.
shrubs	the home is on a foothill and is around shrubs,
patio	Blood of the snakes and the pet could be seen on the patio.
floral wreaths	A funeral was conducted, and many floral wreaths were provided to the dog.
shin	
contemplating	
intimidate	
exalts	For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, and he who humbles himself will be exalted
humbled	For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, and he who humbles himself will be exalted
	Are you ill. No just feeling abit off
aristocrat	
bloc	buchers bloc
projected upon	
Profanity	
grin	
Liniment	
consensual	
tribbing	
cuddly	
rehabilitation	
reigned	he probably would’ve reigned unchallenged for at least a few decades
volatile	
waging	Bush appears to be waging an understated media campaign to rehabilitate his image
implored	Slate implored Bush to “speak to his party” about its latest descent into Islamophobia.
Slate	Slate implored Bush to “speak to his party” about its latest descent into Islamophobia.
paragon	Compared to Donald Trump, George W. Bush looks like a paragon of statesmanship,
accolades	More recently, Bush earned accolades for saying he didn’t like “the racism” and “name-calling” of the Trump era, and that the media was “indispensable to democracy” — fairly innocuous comments that are apparently grounds for heroism when stated by Bush.
indispensable	
innocuous	
resurrect	he wouldn’t resurrect Roosevelt-style mass internment.
internment	he wouldn’t resurrect Roosevelt-style mass internment.
vindicate	history would vindicate his presidency.
rain poncho	Bush who struggles to put on a rain poncho and paints pictures of dogs and Jay Leno is a war criminal.
bail	The moment Suge collapsed in court after bail hearing
sodomise	The criminal who sodomised kids
ostentatious	books that people buy and display ostentatiously but never actually finish
devotion	Cult member explains his devotion to Jezus
cult	hat's the difference between a cult and a religion?
repent	the priest urged his listeners to repent
lump	
santizer	
pimples	Do you have pimples on your vagina?
sprout	You can watch the experiment's potato sprout in the time-lapse video
untamable	zebras were untamable.
interverted	
asserting	
affiliated	Russian-affiliated group
innocuous	he claims the contact was "innocuous" and provided the publication with copies of what he says are the only three messages he sent.
reinstated	
rigged	
interim	
proprietor	
stumbled	
pagan	the turkeys are less pagan and more paranoid
paranoid	the turkeys are less pagan and more paranoid
chalked up	He chalked up the turkeys’ behavior to a combination of curiosity and fear.
carcass	
compounded	Turkeys’ instinct to follow the flock probably compounded the circling.
pheasants	similar behavior in birds of the family Phasianidae, which includes turkeys, pheasants, and chickens.
Phasianidae,	similar behavior in birds of the family Phasianidae, which includes turkeys, pheasants, and chickens.
BRINK	the brink of the cliffs
decimated	European colonies brought with them unchecked hunting and habitat loss, which decimated turkey numbers.
extirpated	the use of every legal measure to extirpate this horrible evil from the land
parakeet	the last known Carolina parakeet died
subsistence	the minimum income needed for subsistence
subsistence	ights of occupation normally only continue during the subsistence of the marriage
brisk	on a brisk Thursday morning,
infamy	rocketed to Internet infamy.
repatriation	
shade alight	we have to shade alight to the darkest place of the world.
delegates	chinese delegates
congested	The teacher stood up from his congested desk full of paperwork and gulped a bit.
recessive	a recessive gene is
cannibalism	
en masse	TV is a useful way for the government to distribute propaganda en masse.
pejorative	
binder	
hurtl'ng	
authentic	
perpetual	
perspiration	
subpar	
hammock	
molestation	
deprived	
wretch	
utter	long before JFK uttered his words
facet	
sapling	removes growth rings to reveal the original sapling
avenged	
wiretapping	
duct tape	Natalie was choked to death in March 2010 after being tied up with duct tape
shoved	thr corpse shoved in a closet for 12 hours.
hastily	
curators	
exemplary	
tentacle	
globnar	
	in the sense that I'm really ticked off
freckles	
amicable	
Compromise	
mildly	
obstain	
perpetrator	
dismayed	
plastered	
attire	
tending	even though enough people were at the scene tending to the victims.
peeping tom	
wannabe	Obama treats the least of these with respect, while Trump is a wannabe Hitler.
audacity	"her audacity came in handy during our most recent emergency"
audacity	"she had the audacity to pick up the receiver and ask me to hang up"
oligarchy	"the ruling oligarchy of military men around the president"
crowing	"Funny, I thought normal roosters crowed in the morning."
exulting	
amniotic sac	
e caul	
disavow	
gurney	"None of us present will forget the sight of him lying on the hospital gurney about to be wheeled into the operating room."
Heathens	"The brochure promises hell for heathens and salvation through Christ."
arduous	"an arduous journey"
stumbled upon	
lung	snake lunged at the man
extort	"he was convicted of trying to extort $1 million from a developer"
complying	"we are unable to comply with your request"
replicating	"it might be impractical to replicate eastern culture in the west"
consummated	his first wife refused to consummate their marriage
puberty	Now the gymnasts for instance have been shown to have delayed menarche and also delayed puberty .
eerie	"an eerie green glow in the sky"
pertinent	Mr. Comey sent a letter to Congress saying the FBI had received new information pertinent to the investigation into Clinton's emails.
illicit	illicit sexual contact
indicted	She was indicted on a capital murder charge and has been the run for months.
remuneration	
exhumed,	Body exhumed after cnn's "THE HUNT" profile.
abominable	his conduct toward women during and since his campaign has been abominable, whether directed at Hillary Clinton or others
excusitis	making excuses every time.
alibi	What can I use as an alibi that will help me save face?
ailment	Now let's see just how we can pro- tect ourselves from these four common ailments.
peculiar	You've already checked with four doctors, and none of them has found anything peculiar with your heart.
How to Live 365 Days a Year. Dr. Schindler	
shuns	he shuns anybody who has the slightest sniffle.
sniffle.	he shuns anybody who has the slightest sniffle.
exertion	he is afraid of overexertion, so he does almost nothing.
squeegee	If we have a two-story house for instance, the windows and side walls will call for a squeegee with a long handle.
Regurgitate	gulls regurgitate food for the chicks

